# DriverPass System Analysis and Design 

     This project is designed for students to evaluate the needs of a theoretical company called DriverPass. DriverPass seeks to provide online and on-the-road training to individuals seeking to obtain their driver's licenses. The company sought to design a web-based application that would serve the needs of driving students, instructors, and employees. If I were to recognize one portion of the project that went exceptionally well, it would be my attention to detail regarding the company’s needs. I utilized an interview between my theoretical company’s representatives and DriverPass employees to determine the design requirements and goals.
      If I were to revise one portion of the documents for the DriverPass design, I would work to provide more functional and non-functional requirements. I feel more requirements could be added to the current project to make a more comprehensive plan. An additional interview with the owners of DriverPass would be helpful to gather more information about some portions of the platform that were not covered entirely in the initial consultation.
When designing a system for a client, the proposed program must meet all of the user’s needs. An incomplete system degrades a company's reputation and could pose potential security risks. Additionally, the user experience drives interaction; if the user’s needs are not met through a design, the company could lose business to its competitors, who place great importance on the user experience.
      When designing software, I begin with the program requirements. The requirements set the boundaries of a project and define its scope. The next step involves detailing the flow of information to understand which use cases are essential to creating first. Next, I would define and complete the integral use cases for the system to operate. Finally, upon completing a bare-bones prototype, I would begin fleshing out the system's front end to ensure the end-user has a positive experience when interacting with the platform. Developing the system further from this point becomes an ongoing process of adding and refining new features.
